hello YouTube with two five year and
welcome to battlefield 3 so I'm going to
be doing a campaign and walkthrough I
guess more of a playthrough then I'm
walkthrough but basically I'm going to
be doing one mission per game I mean one
mission per video so let's just get
started easy normal hard
why is there no better meaning so I can
play on hard let's see if you got near
the first-person shooters no not that if
you're familiar okay now let's just
start hard because that's what real men
do I'm so Auto sit auto aim will be off
that's nice
Semper Fidelis
so yeah I'll be doing in one mission per
video no matter how long it is if it
takes me ten hours to do it and it takes
me 10 hours to do that helpful attend
our video but I don't really want to
record for 10 hours so I hope it doesn't
take that long
Sergeant David Dave Montez was born in
Encino California okay I actually don't
really know anything about the
battlefield 3 campaign all I know well I
played the battlefield back when we do
campaign don't know if it's the same
character as anything and I don't think
I know where it takes place anyway
cool screen
no no
I thought that was a tourist
okay well I guess the string got jacked
so I got a safe people I would like
another better gun may I pick up these
people's guns I guess apparently not oh
there's one
oh-ho-hoo shotgun ho ho snap
Oh oh I'm not doing this right now I did
that I just press left mouse button I
would took my shotgun oh I wanted that
shotgun is that a good or bad guy oh
that's a bad guy
it looks like c4 why am i walking
towards it
Oh oh my god
yeah he just shot me
as you can hear this basement right now
it's kind of loud what didn't he shoot
me are you kidding me he's so shot
okay where are they
okay am I supposed to go forward or
something Oh lots of explosions
yeah I'm walking towards since I've seen
a movie where the two guys fighting on
top of a train and then they were just
something above the Train I pick up this
ak-74 whatever its called
Oh
not very much not very many bullets in
this clip I guess there's our just
shoots fast
this is a nice train
I've never been my train this nice
okay well let's just not look good don't
want to be here when that blows up
Oh
Wow how's the whole mission well thanks
for watching and I will continue with
the next mission because that was really
not very long